[DOCS-9152] adding more information to kube_api_server check (#18822)
DataDog/integrations-core: kube_apiserver_metrics/README.md

### Configuration

> If your Kubernetes clusters have master nodes and is running a pod and container for the `kube-apiserver` image, the Datadog Agent  [automatically discovers][8] this pod and configures the integration relative to its `kube_apiserver_metrics.d/auto_conf.yaml` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Kubernetes clusters have master nodes and is running a pod and container for the `kube-apiserver` image, the Datadog Agent [automatically discovers][8] this pod and configures the integration relative to its `kube_apiserver_metrics.d/auto_conf.yaml` file. 
```

**Note**: You must add `cluster_check: true` to your configuration file if using a local file or ConfigMap to configure Cluster Checks.

Provide a [configuration][13] to your Cluster Agent to setup a Cluster Check:

{{< tabs >}} 
{{% tab "Helm" %}}
```yaml
clusterAgent:
  confd:
    kube_apiserver_metrics.yaml: |-
      advanced_ad_identifiers:
        - kube_endpoints:
            name: "kubernetes"
            namespace: "default"
      cluster_check: true
      init_config:
      instances:
        - prometheus_url: "https://%%host%%:%%port%%/metrics"
```
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Operator" %}}

```yaml
spec:
#(...)
  override:
    clusterAgent:
      extraConfd:
        configDataMap:
          kube_apiserver_metrics.yaml: |-
            advanced_ad_identifiers:
              - kube_endpoints:
                  name: "kubernetes"
                  namespace: "default"
            cluster_check: true
            init_config:
            instances:
              - prometheus_url: "https://%%host%%:%%port%%/metrics"
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> These configurations will have the Agent make a request to the `kubernetes` service in the `default` namespace at its defined Endpoint IP Addresses and defined port. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These configurations trigger the Agent make a request to the `kubernetes` service in the `default` namespace at its defined Endpoint IP Addresses and defined port.
```

> These configurations will have the Agent make a request to the kubernetes service in the default namespace at its Cluster IP Address and defined port. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These configurations will have the Agent make a request to the `kubernetes` service in the `default` namespace at its defined Endpoint IP Addresses and defined port. 
```

### Configuration

- The main use case to run the kube_apiserver_metrics check is as a [Cluster Level Check][4]. 
- To collect metrics, set the following parameters and values in an [Autodiscovery][12] template. 
- You can do this with [annotations on your service](#annotate-service), or by using a [local file](#local-file) through the Datadog Operator, Helm Chart or manually. 

| Parameter         | Value                                                                 |
|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `<INTEGRATION_NAME>`| `["kube_apiserver_metrics"]`                                            |
| `<INIT_CONFIG>`     | `[{}]`                                                                  |
| `<INSTANCE_CONFIG>` | [{ `"prometheus_url": "https://%%host%%:%%port%%/metrics", "bearer_token_auth": "true"` }] |

You can review all available configuration options in the [kube_apiserver_metrics.yaml][7].

#### Annotate service
You can annotate the service of your apiserver with the following:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Annotations v2 (for Datadog Agent v7.36+)" %}}

```yaml

> ad.datadoghq.com/service.checks: |

Reviewer 3: The original documentation was proposing to use endpoint checks instead of service check ([line 23 in the original version](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/18822/files#diff-18c38272846244d0c4993812ff9abf0dd4072a5ac48907dddab977d639552398L23-L25)).
I think it made sense since [a lot of metrics](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/kube_apiserver_metrics/metadata.csv) are “per instance”.

In order to use endpoint check, we would need:
```suggestion
ad.datadoghq.com/endpoints.checks: |
```

Author: fixed

  {
    "["kube_apiserver_metrics"]": {
      "init_config": [{}],
      "instances": [{ "prometheus_url": "https://%%host%%:%%port%%/metrics", "bearer_token_auth": "true" }]
    }
  }  

> 

Author: Got it! I have updated this with your comment and some additional information from @JacksonDavenport let me know if this is correct now.

#### Local file

You can also run the check by configuring the endpoints directly in the `kube_apiserver_metrics.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][5].

**Note**: You must add `cluster_check: true` to your configuration file, if using a local file or ConfigMap to configure Cluster Checks.

By default the Agent running the check tries to get the service account bearer token to authenticate against the APIServer. If you are not using RBACs, set `bearer_token_auth` to `false`.

If your Kubernetes clusters have master nodes and is running a pod and container for the `kube-apiserver` image, the Datadog Agent  [automatically discovers][8] this pod and configures the integration relative to its `kube_apiserver_metrics.d/auto_conf.yaml` file. 

However, if you are using a managed Kubernetes distribution like GKE, EKS, or AKS you may not have a running `kube-apiserver` pod present for the Agent to discover. In this case, you can setup the integration against the Kubernetes service in the `default` namespace. 

To do this you can add annotations to this Service:

```yaml

> ad.datadoghq.com/service.checks: |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ad.datadoghq.com/endpoints.checks: |
```

Author: fixed

  {
    "kube_apiserver_metrics": {
      "instances": [
        {
          "prometheus_url": "https://%%host%%:%%port%%/metrics", 
          "bearer_token_auth": "true"
        }
      ]
    }
  }  
```

Or, provide a [configuration][13] to your Cluster Agent to setup a Cluster Check:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Helm" %}}

```yaml
clusterAgent:
  confd:
    kube_apiserver_metrics.yaml: |-
      advanced_ad_identifiers:

>         - kube_service:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        - kube_endpoints:
```

            name: "kubernetes"
            namespace: "default"
      cluster_check: true
      init_config:
      instances:
        - prometheus_url: "https://%%host%%:%%port%%/metrics"
          bearer_token_auth: "true"
```
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Operator" %}}

```yaml
spec:
#(...)
  override:
    clusterAgent:
      extraConfd:
        configDataMap:
          kube_apiserver_metrics.yaml: |-
            advanced_ad_identifiers:

>               - kube_service:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
              - kube_endpoints:
```

[9]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/faq/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
[10]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/kube_apiserver_metrics/metadata.csv
[11]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[12]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/containers/kubernetes/integrations/?tab=annotations
[13]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/containers/cluster_agent/clusterchecks/?tab=helm#configuration-from-configuration-files

> [14]: https://containers/cluster_agent/clusterchecks/?tab=datadogoperator#setting-up-check-configurations

Reviewer 2: Does this link [14] resolve correctly with that `https://`? I thought it had to be either the full URL like `http://docs.datadoghq.com/containers/cluster_agent/clusterchecks/?tab=datadogoperator#setting-up-check-configurations` or just the end path like `/containers/cluster_agent/clusterchecks/?tab=datadogoperator#setting-up-check-configurations`.

Author: oops yes good catch! I'll fix that.
